Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I28.
- B6.
G19.
Cal?
Okay. let's start from the beginning.
What exactly do we know?
We know Havlock hired a black hat
out of Russia to steal Archive 6.
We know the hacker vanished. but not
before giving the Archive to a courier.
AKA Vincent Thiago.
Fake name. Fake papers. Fake everything.
And the one thing we know about
the Courier is that he arrived here
24 hours before the crash.
Which suggests that
he knew about the crash.
waiting to meet Havlock
and hand off the Archive.
But how did they know
Havlock was gonna crash here?
Unless the two of them chose to put
the plane down exactly where they did.
Why? What's here? What's in Alaska?
Bears. spam.
mosquitos bigger than most birds.
What is that?
They are hosting a shindig at the Mecca
to raise money for Donnie's family.
There's beer. food. Dancing if I'm lucky.
Beer and dancing at a funeral?
During a manhunt?
It's not a funeral.
It's what our tribes call a potlatch.
You know. when one of our people
passes away. the whole community shows up.
donates what they can to help
ease the workload for the family.
Frank. I got a trooper on line two.
Says it's urgent.
Remnick.
Hey. Frank.
It's good to hear your voice again.
On it.
I thought I might be finding your body
right about now on the Alaskan tundra.
You know. sometimes it's good
to not get what you want.
It's a stroke of luck. How you feeling?
Sore and tired. you?
Pretty good.
Considering I survived
a plane crash and a manhunt.
Alaska is not done with you yet.
Inspector Briggs. where is she?
We got a call. live now. He's on line two.
Okay.
I've been reading more about you. Frank.
About your time in Chicago
and your return home.
I had no idea you lost a daughter.
Sorry. Frank. I can't imagine.
Did you call to talk about my daughter?
No. I called to talk to you
because the path we're on requires
that we understand each other.
And to do that.
I need to speak to you privately.
Can you take me off speakerphone. please?
How about you turn yourself in.
we talk all you want.
I'm serious. Frank. This is important.
Pick up the phone.
Bradford's afraid of
your dead man's switch.
She wants a ceasefire.
She's willing to negotiate.
I loved you. Sidney.
And yet. here you are. hunting me down.
Which is why I need to speak to Frank.
Frank. please pick up the phone.
I don't wanna do this
in front of everyone.
- Do what?
- Talk about our secret.
Thank you. Frank.
You know. it's important for me
to demonstrate to you
that I'm a man of my word.
I handed back your wife.
I stayed quiet about the weapon
you had hidden in your home.
And in exchange. all I want from you…
is to answer a question.
Just one question.
What's the question?
You have to promise
to answer truthfully. Frank.
- Will you?
- What's the question?
It's pretty simple. Frank.
Can I trust you?
Take your time. Answer truthfully.
Yes or no?
Yes.
Thank you. Frank.
I got it. It's local.
And it's a fixed number.
Contact the phone company.
see who's been assigned that number.
Do it now. go.
- Frank!
- Yeah?
Sarah.
- Sarah?
- Frank?
They're gone. They're not--
They're not at the cabin.
Luke and Kira. they're gone.
Whoa. whoa. slow down. What?
And the trooper. he's dead.
Where are you?
I'm at the-- the gas station
at the bottom of the mountain.
Okay. Stay exactly where you are.
I'm gonna come to you.
- Frank.
- Hang on. Yeah?
A hunter just found
Kira Moore and she's alive.
- What about Luke?
- She said he's with an inmate.
We're gonna find Luke.
I love you. I'm handing you over to Hutch.
Get troopers en route.
issue an Amber Alert.
Tell Air Care I need their chopper.
Havlock is gonna have to wait.
Go.
- Where is she?
- She's with our village health aide.
She lost consciousness
but she's awake now.
- You the guy that found her?
- Yes. sir.
I found her along
the trail about four miles back.
Lorna. Susie.
You okay?
Oh. come here. Come here.
I'm so sorry.
Oh. don't you be sorry. okay?
Look at me.
You have nothing to be sorry about.
Okay? You're safe.
We're gonna get you some help.
Yeah? While we do.
I need you to look at some photos
and help me identify the man who has Luke.
- Is that him?
- No.
You ain't gonna shoot me.
You had your chance and didn't.
- That's the guy.
- You sure?
- Positive.
- Yeah?
Okay. it's okay. You're okay. Come here.
I will. I swear I will.
Kill me. you'll see my face
every time you close your eyes.
- How far to the highway?
- It's eight miles by road.
Two on the trail.
I'll get my snow machine.
Sarah. what are you doing here?
I sent the troopers to the cabin.
- Is Luke here?
- No.
Hutch said he's with an inmate.
Do you know where?
No. But I know who he is
and where he was.
Kira said there was an
accident on the highway.
What are… You drove her here?
Well. she insisted.
Okay. yeah. well. I need your keys.
My God. I'm coming with you.
Maybe I should come with you.
- No.
- No. You stay here.
Well. I wanna help.
Listen. Kira Moore is inside the cabin.
Okay. the girl's been through hell.
Check up on her. Notify her mom.
Okay.
What about my truck?
Your truck's finally gonna be
driven like a fucking truck.
Hello?
Anybody there?
Give me the keys.
You motherfucker.
Thanks.
I don't know how to drive this thing.
Well. you better figure it out.
Puddin' Ting.
You and I got a job to do.
- How long ago did it happen?
- He's live now.
Do we have a location for him?
It's him. ma'am. It's Havlock.
We were trying to disable the dead man's
switch he tied to the Archive
when he came online.
- This is him typing?
- Yes.
Been at it for well over a minute
which suggests he's using
some kind of multifactor password
to reset the switch.
- He's still alive.
- And still a threat.
Does this tell us
anything about where he is?
He's bouncing signals around the globe.
We can't even unravel
his primary layer of encryption.
Junie. I want you to disable this switch.
and I want you to know
you have the full resources
of the Agency to find a work-around.
Can you do that?
- Yes. ma'am.
- Good. Do your job.
Get to work. Do it now.
That was the phone company.
They confirmed the number
we picked up on our PEN register
came from Klondike Lodge.
Parks Highway. room 130.
It's Havlock. He's there.
How fast can you get a warrant?
Fairbanks PD.
Clear.
All clear.
He was here.
Tear it apart.
Frank. I've been digging in.
This guy who has your son is a problem.
Romero's clinically paranoid
and criminally insane.
He graduated from
the Naval Academy with honors.
Majored in robotics
and control engineering.
Worked postgrad with DARPA
where he built
all kinds of surveillance tools.
So where'd it go wrong?
According to the court records.
Romero believed his superiors
at DARPA were spying on him.
Through his computer. his phone.
He evidently had
some kind of psychological break.
Two weeks later
he killed six federal employees.
Bombing structures he believed
were government listening posts.
He also murdered his neighbor.
pulled three of his own teeth
and dismembered his dog
while searching for listening devices.
- Oh. my God.
- Kira said she overheard Romero
talking about taking revenge on
an old mistress. Does that ring a bell?
Nothing here about a woman.
Get into his life. See if there's an ex
or female officer he worked with.
I need to know where he's going.
Also. Frank. we traced
Havlock's call to a local hotel here.
It was paid for by the Courier.
Right. not now. Stay with Romero.
I need to know where he's going.
I thought they were both gonna be safe.
okay? I did. I just…
With everything going on
with the investigation. with you it…
Say something.
What do you want me to say?
There's nothing to say
because nothing is fine.
Fuck. I'm scared. I'm overwhelmed
and the fact that this happened
on your watch is beyond.
So no. I don't want to talk.
I want you to fix this.
I want a solution
and I want to find our son.
Hey! Hey! Hey! Stop!
What happened?
- Fucker took a shot at me.
- Who did? What happened?
I saw the vehicle so I stopped
to see if everyone was okay.
Was one of them this boy?
- Yeah. that's him.
- Was he hurt?
Well. they were both hurt.
The boy's our son. He's been taken
hostage by a federal inmate.
I need the make
and the model of your vehicle.
I don't know. It's not mine.
It's a state truck.
- It's a salt spreader with a plow.
- Salt spreader. okay.
Okay. which way did they go?
- East.
- Go! Go!
We'll send help.
Hey.
Earlier on the phone.
what did Havlock mean when he told Frank
he didn't want to talk about
their secret in front of us?
What was that about?
Probably some bullshit.
Yeah. that's what I thought.
They're not his. All three belong
to his friend the Courier.
We know Havlock called from this room.
The manager told me
the Courier paid in cash.
This must be some kind of
safe house or pick up point.
Scofield.
Are you ducking my calls?
No. I'm not ducking your calls.
Cell towers are out.
And I only have Wi-Fi calling
which is for shit.
Mom fell again.
- Is she okay?
- No. She's a mess.
Did you hear about the phones?
Mom said men were here yesterday
because Dad ordered
a new phone line for himself.
Need I remind you Dad hasn't made
a phone call in nearly two decades.
- Okay. I'm sure there's a reason--
- They diagnosed her. Sid.
It's official. Vascular dementia.
Well. we should get another opinion.
I don't expect you to understand.
You're like Dad that way.
Okay. that's not fair.
We're putting Mom in a home.
I thought you should know.
- Molly?
- I gotta go. She's calling me.
What did you find?
The Archive.
- Bag it up. Bag it all up.
- Yeah. Okay.
What is this place?
What are we doing here?
I was one of the watchers.
It was my job to observe people.
Study their private lives.
See. the government. they think that
if they can keep an eye on people.
they can keep them quiet.
Control them.
But I know people.
I've been analyzing them for years.
And the truth is…
the actuality…
is that chaos is our natural state.
People are messy. They're broken.
But that ain't no reason
for the government to fuck with us.
Give me a hand.
Come on.
Grab that end.
What is this?
This. kid. is a surprise
that those fuckers will never see coming.
Now for the fun part.
How'd your talk with Todd go?
Well. it's… it's hard to explain.
Maybe you wanna try?
I feel like we're not being
honest with each other.
Okay.
- And I think we need to talk.
- About what?
Frank. Marks here. Do you copy?
Go for Frank.
We got an APB on that salt truck
but we may have something else.
Report came in on an unmanned
AP&E substation.
Twenty minutes ago. operations got
a power failure notification.
What. you think that has
something to do with Luke?
Where is this substation?
Yeah. they were here.
Shit! To the car! Back to the truck!
- Okay?
- Yeah.
Hutch.
Consider what you're about to do.
I'm following protocol.
That drive represents
a threat to national security.
If you give the Archive to the FBI.
it enters the chain of custody.
And we're shut out.
I'm not debating this.
Wait until I hear from the CIA.
Frank would agree.
Frank's only concern is his son. okay?
Besides we already lost the flight
recorder. I'm not losing this too.
This is protocol.
If Havlock left it behind.
he did so for a reason.
We didn't find this drive by accident.
This is a trap.
I'm giving this drive to OSI.
What if he wants us to send it to Eielson
because it's some kind of Trojan horse?
Now you're sounding paranoid.
- That it?
- That's it.
Havlock wants us to find
that drive and turn it in to evidence.
Just like you're doing.
Yeah. well. remind me to say thank you
when we haul his ass in. okay?
Frank. I think I got something.
I've been digging into Romero's past.
This guy's posted dozens of online videos
pointing out facilities he thinks
are threats to privacy.
Embassies. cell towers.
all kinds of military bases.
Which got me thinking.
Romero said he was gonna
get revenge on an old mistress.
But what if we got that wrong?
You don't think she's a person?
I think she's a place.
Where do these power lines go?
Delta Junction. Tok…
Isn't Gakona in that direction?
That's where HAARP's located.
Listen. Cole. the power substation
Romero hit feeds electricity
to a military research laboratory
south of here.
That's what he's targeting.
And he's going after
a military research facility.
What is this place?
This bitch is our target.
Langley said Thiago's passports are all
fake and his prints aren't in the system.
- Uh-huh. Yeah. Thanks.
- Cole?
- Hello?
- Hey.
Sidney?
Can I interest you in a raffle ticket?
A raffle ticket?
The event tonight.
For Donnie.
Oh. right. The potlatch.
What are you raffling?
We got all kinds of good stuff.
We got a drum of gas. some firewood.
cute little hand-knitted hat too.
We got a smoked moose as well. unless
you're a vegan. you might hate that but…
Twenty bucks.
I'll pray for the drum of gas.
Your cell phone service is shit.
The telephone.
They're fucking listening.
Do you have a phone I can borrow?
- You buying anything?
- A vodka. Neat.
- Hello?
- Molly. thank God.
We need to talk. You said that Mom
imagined a conversation she had
with men at the phone company.
She didn't imagine it.
Someone was at the house.
Who was?
I think the Bureau got a warrant
and they're listening on Mom's line.
You gotta stay off that line.
Sid. you're scaring me. What is going on?
Don't talk to anyone you don't know.
Don't let anyone in the house.
And if you see something
suspicious. you call me.
- Do you understand?
- Is this about your legal case?
Do you understand?
Phone's bugged. People watching.
Yeah. I understand.
Sidney. I'm picking Zoe up from school.
She's literally walking
to the car right now.
So I don't want to freak her out
with your crazy work shit. okay?
I'm hanging up the phone but if
we're in danger. you need to call me.
Okay? Now I'm hanging up the phone.
What's this?
From your husband.
Got time for another?
General Thatcher. afternoon.
Deputy Marshal Steven Cole.
Have you been briefed on the situation?
We're aware of the outage.
The outage was triggered
by an escaped convict
who we believe may be
targeting the HAARP facility.
HAARP. What's that mean?
The High-frequency
Active Auroral Research Program.
It was part of the old DARPA program.
Is there a credible threat?
Nothing specific but the station that was
taken offline feeds power to HAARP.
We think it's the first strike
in a larger attack.
I don't know what any of that means.
It means they're testing out new ways
to listen to anyone they want to.
Can they really do that?
As smart as your fugitive may be.
HAARP has contingencies
for incidents just like this.
They can prepare all they want.
but the power supply.
that's how you take
a big girl like this down.
The moment that substation lost power.
the HAARP network detected a fault
and switched to reserve battery backup.
It's siloed and secure.
That's what they think.
but nothing's ever really secure.
- I don't want to hurt anyone.
- Tighten up. kid.
We're about to make history.
You look tired.
Did you follow me from the hotel?
You got to take care of yourself.
Are you my fucking doctor?
No. I'm looking out for you.
It's what I do.
It's what I've always done.
I don't have to trust you
to care about you. Sid.
- Where's the Archive?
- It's safe.
- Is it here?
- You tell me.
Did your team find it in my hotel room?
Is this funny to you?
No.
Why are you smiling?
Because you're doing
that thing with your mouth.
Where you bite your bottom lip
when you feel out of control.
Yeah. well. you're acting
like an overly confident prick
and I'm not really sure why.
Actually. I am. You're enjoying this.
Yeah. I'm enjoying this.
Being chased. Being hunted.
And being off-book.
making it up as you go.
You always did your best work
when the plan went to shit
and you had to think on your feet.
Like Vienna.
This is nothing like Vienna.
Why are you here?
Why risk it?
To see you.
Attempting to figure out
how you fit into all this.
Whose side you're on.
I want to believe that the Agency's
so desperate that they need you but…
my gut says you have another agenda.
Don't listen to your gut.
Why not?
Because I'm literally
the one person you can trust.
- Prove it.
- How?
Come with me.
Let's disappear.
- That's not gonna happen.
- We could go anywhere.
With the Archive. we're untouchable.
Think about it.
You. me. Some beach in Goa.
How bad could it be?
I should go.
Thank you for the beer.
He's gonna be okay.
Luke is going to be okay.
Please don't say that.
What do you want me to say?
That I'm worried?
That I've got no idea where our son is?
Yeah. Because then at least
that would be honest.
What does that mean?
Fuck. Frank. I lied to you.
I lied to you about the abduction.
Havlock. he…
he gave me this.
What is that?
It's a recording of the crash.
And that woman from the CIA. Sidney.
she thought he might try to manipulate
you by passing me something. and so I…
I told her that he didn't.
Havlock gave you that?
- Yeah. And I didn't give it--
- You lied to me. Sarah.
Yeah. I should have told you.
Sarah. it's evidence.
- Okay? Evidence.
- Frank. slow down!
Slow down!
I know what it is
to be a cop's wife. all right?
I understand my life.
But don't you see
what this is doing to this family?
What? Huh? What do you
want me to fucking do?
You were about to get drawn
further into this case. all right?
I had a choice to make
and I chose to protect you.
Where are you going?
Fuck. Fuck.
Frank. I love you.
And I hate that I lied to you.
but don't you see?
This is just another example
of how broken we've become.
Say something!
Road salt.
From a state maintainer
like the one Luke's in.
- So?
- This isn't a state road.
He's leaving us a trail.
Get walkin'.
Set it down right here.
Turn this on.
This is Electronics Technician
Second Class Isaac Romero speaking.
In the coming days you'll be told
I was mentally unfit to serve.
That I have a grudge
against my own government.
And that I'm a domestic terrorist.
All are true.
What is also true is the US government
has been monitoring your every move.
I know this because
I was one of the listeners.
This is why I have a moral duty
to provide the solution.
Behind me is a High-frequency
Active Auroral Research station.
It is. in fact.
not a research station at all.
But the heartbeat of a mass surveillance
program that must be terminated.
Taking it offline
will have a ripple effect.
The darkness that follows will…
be painful.
Lives will be lost and for that I'm…
for that I'm sorry.
Stop it!
- The hell's wrong with you?
- You already hurt too many people.
I won't let you hurt anyone else.
What is that? You transmitting?
What is that? Are you…
That's a fucking tuning coil.
No. it's my palate expander.
You've been transmitting this whole time.
You're one of them.
- What are you doing?
- Open your…
Open your mouth.
- No! Stop!
- Open your fucking mouth.
This is coming out.
Only my orthodontist can do that--
Open your fucking mouth!
Listen!
What is that?
What the hell is this?
It's a repeater.
They made me wear it.
I didn't have a choice. I swear.
Who made you wear it?
The people who downed your plane.
I don't have any names.
but I'll tell you everything I know.
I promise.
if you please just put the gun down.
This ain't no repeater. This is
some fucking kid's little plastic toy…
Hey!
Get on the radio. call for help.
Stay in the car.
Gonna find you. Luke.
Luke…
Freeze!
Tell your dad to put the gun down.
Put the gun down. Dad.
Put it down or I'll shoot.
I said put it down.
- Back up.
- Give me my son. okay?
Okay. listen.
Take me and give me the boy. okay?
Throw the gun over here.
and I'll give you the kid.
Here it is. okay?
Take me instead. Okay? Come on.
Come here. come here. come here.
No. no. no. no. no.
Come on. I got you. No. Okay.
What the fuck. Luke! Oh. come here.
Let me look at you.
Are you all right? Oh. baby.
Fuck.
Oh. my God.
Come on.
So. there are others out there like him?
Yeah.
And one of them killed…
Donnie died on the operating table. Luke.
Annie's heartbroken.
We're having a get-together
at the Mecca bar tonight.
I wanna see Kira.
You will.
She's… She's at the hospital.
Which is where we're taking you.
Mom. I promise I'm fine.
You are our number one priority.
And we just… We need
to make sure that you're okay.
So. it's not over.
No.
Where are you going?
- Do you want me to talk to him?
- Just give him some space.
I don't know if I can ever
look at it the same way again.
It's changed.
It's all changed.
I'll call you back.
- Did you dismantle it?
- Not yet.
But we may have a work-around.
You know about Halidon 241. right?
It's a surveillance project.
Which siphons off SIGINT
traveling along undersea cables.
One of our servers picked up
an encrypted message thread
that we think belongs to him.
- You think?
- He references Archive 6. It's him.
We're in the process of tracking
where that message was sent
and who the recipient was.
Junie. how long will it take?
Give me 12 hours and I'll ID
the coder who built the switch.
I understand you're looking for me.
I am. You're not an easy man to find.
Well. whatever you want. make it fast.
I'm on a disposable SIP
that'll auto-terminate in 90 seconds.
I wanna talk to you about a job.
- I'm not interested.
- You will be.
Why's that?
Well. let's just say you and I
are in the same line of work.
There's a situation unfolding
that you'll be…
very interested in.
Well. I found out somehow
One way or another
Oh. no.
He'll start to feel like a brother
You learn to listen
Through a long drawl
You soon see past the colors
Can I have everyone's attention. please?
Thank you. thank you very much.
Listen. I won't keep you long.
I'm sorry for interrupting.
But. first of all.
I just wanna acknowledge the Mecca bar
and Jim for hosting us tonight.
So. thank you. Jim.
Pat has told me that the silent auction
closes in 20 minutes. so get your bids in.
There's a lot of good items up there.
and all the proceeds go to the family.
I still got raffle tickets too!
But from the bottom of my heart.
I really wanted to say thank you
for showing up tonight.
It really means a lot.
It means a lot to all of us.
It's who we are. and it's what we do.
Donnie was like a brother to me.
We first met in the seventh grade.
I was nervous and late for class.
so I took a shortcut across the football
field. and the sprinklers kicked on.
And by the time I arrived. I was…
I was soaking wet. Top to tail.
And Donnie. without knowing me one bit.
just gave me the sweatshirt off his back.
It was three sizes too large. but…
But that's the type of guy Donnie was.
And from that day forth.
he always had my back.
We were marshals together
for what seemed a lifetime.
And we made a pact together.
that if anything should happen
to either one of us…
Well. the details don't matter. but the
point is. I promised Donnie three things.
Okay. first of all. I promised that I
would always take care of his wife. Annie.
Second…
I would dance with his little girl the
night she gets married. at the wedding.
And third. that I would celebrate
his life. not only in the church.
which we will. but here at the Mecca
with bull fries and Budweiser.
Donnie! Donnie!
There's gonna be plenty of time
for tears and stories.
and to remind ourselves of all
the wonderful things that Donnie
brought into our life. but tonight.
let's all just raise a glass and celebrate
Donnie the way he celebrated life.
- To Donnie!
We love you. pal!
Well. a long time forgotten
Are dreams that just fell by the way
And the good life he promised
Ain't what she's living today
She's a good-hearted woman
In love with a good-timin' man
She loves him in spite of his ways
That she don't understand
Through teardrops and laughter
They'll pass through this world…
Molly. you have to slow down.
Who is at the house?
The FBI. They're taking everything.
Mom's computer. checkbook. photos.
What do I do?
First off. do not speak to them.
Do not say a word.
I'm gonna call my lawyer.
Mom's scared.
- Mom's there?
- They're talking to her now.
Molly. I need you
to listen to me very carefully.
I want you to put the phone down. okay?
Don't hang up. just put the receiver down.
Get Mom's things
and take her to your place.
- Why?
- Just set the phone down.
I know this phone is bugged.
I know that you're listening.
and I wanna be very clear.
You have no right to do this.
My family has done nothing.
So. come for me…
tear my life apart.
but you leave them out of this.
They've been through enough.
I think your father went out
for a jog. sweetheart.
No. Mom.
Dad is gone.
Where did he go?
You don't remember.
There was an accident.
Right. Oh. gosh.
I'm so sorry.
Why wouldn't I remember that?
It's okay.
It was a sad day.
He was so proud of you. honey.
Your dad loved you so much.
Yeah.
He loved you too.
Can you go find Molly?
Molly can help you.
Love you.
I love you.
Sorry.
For what? Protecting your family?
That's something
you never have to apologize for.
Mayday. Mayday. Mayday.
November 207 engine fire.
Requesting immediate vectors for landing.
We're losing pressure. We gotta get down.
Havlock sent you
the flight deck recording?
- He gave it to Sarah.
- Why would he do that?
He literally stole this
from underneath us.
No note. No message.
Just instructions
to give it to me personally.
Hidden in the disco ball
on her fucking key chain.
Well. that makes
my news even more unsettling.
Which is what?
We recovered the hard drive
the Courier brought into the country.
Archive 6. You gave it to OSI--
Yeah. well. they're still
trying to break the encryption.
But from what they can see. forensics
says that the drive isn't state secrets.
That it's a series
of navigational prompts.
Like the sort they use in avionics.
- On an airplane.
- Yeah.
Today. on the call. Havlock acted
like he was trying to protect you.
Is there anything you wanna tell me?
He's just playing games.
All right. That's what I thought.
But I mean. you'd tell me. you know. if…
if it wasn't just a game?
Look. the Courier arrived 24 hours
before the plane went down. Why?
It was our transport and even we
didn't know where it was routed.
The only people who knew that plane
was coming through Alaska were--
- Were the CIA.
- So. what if we've got it wrong. Hutch?
What if the Courier doesn't work
for Havlock. but he works for the CIA?
And what if that hard drive
is not Archive 6.
but malware to bring the plane down.
Are you saying the CIA brought down
the airliner to kill Havlock?
I'm saying it's not an accident.
What about Scofield?
You think she's involved?
I don't know. That's why
it stays between you and me.
Yeah. well.
I think you need to talk to your wife.
Yeah. I do.
Hey. you and me need to sit down
and figure out what the fuck
is going on here. okay?
- Yeah.
- All right.
- Hey.
You can work at work. right?
We're here to support Annie.
Yeah. What. you think I don't know that?
I just got 15 things going on here.
Well. there's only one of those
that I actually care about.
I care about us and our family.
I know you have a job to do. but…
you also have a choice to make.
What does that mean? No. no.
What does that mean?
"A choice to make."
Hey. you two. They're playing
Donnie's song. Come on.
- I'm not dancing.
- We can't not dance. Let's go.
Nothing around but the sound
Of my heart and your sighs
Money talks
But it can't sing and dance
And it can't walk
And long as I can have you
Here with me
I'd much rather be
Forever in blue jeans. babe
And honey's sweet
- What choice?
- Huh?
You said I had a choice to make.
Yeah. Your work or your family.
We'd do okay
Forever in blue jeans
Frank.
Not now.
Sorry. It can't wait. This is urgent.
Maybe tonight by the fire
All alone. you and I
Nothing around but the sound
Of my heart and your sighs
Frank. I think we're onto something.
I've sifted through hours
of Romero's online videos
and found one where he
specifically talks about HAARP.
Evidently. there's a switch
that tells the facility
to go to battery backup in an emergency.
Romero claims that switch
represents a flaw in the system.
If the switch isn't in place when
the facility is brought back online.
power from the primary
and the battery backup
will both be fed through the network.
If that switch isn't there
when HAARP comes back online.
our entire power grid may collapse.
All right. Call the General.
Tell him it's a trap.
Tell him not to power up.
- All right?
- Got it.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm